There once was a man named Bob, who lived in a small home with three cats. He worked as a construction worker during the day, but by night, he would put on his super suit to become the world's most notorious super villain: Evil Bob.
Evil Bob was known by everyone across the world due to all of the evil acts he committed. Some of the evil deeds includes blowing up Jupiter, draining all of the water from the Indian Ocean, and assassinating Brad Pitt. There was nothing that Bob couldn't do when he wore his super suit, he became what everyone dreamed they could do. However, one day a hero rose up to try and stop Evil Bob.
Noone knew who was the hero was because the hero wore a mask. But Bob realised that he was a theat to him so he made a plan to kill th hero. So, when the hero was helping the citizens , Bob attacked the hero from behind. After they had a fight, Bob was going to kill the hero, when the hero removed his mask. To Bob's surprise the hero was his twin Mark
Mark knew Bob was the Evil villain from the start and he just want his twin brother back. Mark was standing there and looking at Bob while Bob was doing his famous finishing move. However, Bob cancelled the casting and destoried his suit at the very last second. Then, all scences faded and a line appeared: " Game Over " "Failing reason: Brotherhood".
"Aww, man!" yelled Bob, as he threw his Playstation controller down to the ground in disgust. "And we were so close to beating it this time, too!" yelled Mark. Mark and Bob had been trying to beat this particular video game for a very long time, and had gotten closer to the ending than ever - but now had to start from the beginning. "Let's take a break from this and get some lunch", Bob suggested. While sitting down to eat lunch, Mark asked Bob "hey Bob, I know you play the evil twin in the video game, but which one of us is the real evil twin in real life?" It was at that moment that Bob pulled out a pistol and shot Mark in the chest 7 times, killing him instantly. Bob fled the scene of the crime without a trace, except for a note that said "that's what you get for making us lose the video game - Evil Bob strikes again!"
